Welcome, player, to your own, special adventure. 
Would you like to play the 1) hero, 2) the villain, or 3) someone else?
Type 1, 2, or 3.
$	An ear-splitting roar starts you awake. 
A monster, yellow eyes gleaming in the dark of the forest, circles you and your sidekick. 
You can 1) roll a d20 to fight the monster, or 2) you can try to talk to it. 
$		!You draw your sword. The monster flinches at the sound of metal on metal. It charges at you...
$			You slay the monster! Your sidekick breathes a sigh of relief. 
"Let's get going. The emperor's castle is just past these trees."
You and your sidekick crouch in the bushes. A shining black tower crowned by a gathering thunderstorm looms over you. A thin bridge spans the deep, dark moat, leading to a door that could accomadate a dragon. 
You could: 1) look for a secret passage, 2) barge into the front door, or 3) use your sidekick as a distraction and sneak in through the back. 
$				!You and your sidekick walk around the perimeter of the castle. You notice a patch of grass that's a different color from the rest. You cast a dispelling charm, revealing a trapdoor.
"I can't believe it, we found it," your sidekick breathes.
Suddenly the villain rises from the trapdoor, lightning shooting from his fingers! 
Quick, roll a d20!
$					You defeat the villain. This destroys the evil empire, plunging the world into chaos now tht its stabilizing force is gone. You return to the small farm of your childhood and spend the rest of your days telling stories of your past valor.#
$					You are slain, and all hope is lost. At the last moment, your sidekick manages to defeat the villain. He was the true hero, and you are forgotten by the world.#
$				!No one expected this. The front hall is empty of guards. 
You have a bad feeling about this...
Suddenly the villain appears in a cloud of smoke, manically laughing that he can sense your presence. 
Quick, roll a d20!
$					You dramatically stab the villain with your sword. This destroys the evil empire, plunging the world into chaos now that its stablizing force is gone. You spend the rest of your life driving out invaders, loved by the population.#
$					After a perilous, difficult fight, you are slain. Your sidekick avenges you, saving the land, and your story of bravery is immortalized in the form of the three S's: stories, songs, and statues.#
$				The villain murders your sidekick. While he's distracted, you jump out and stab the villain. He whispers, as he's dying, that you were a worthy opponent and he hopes to see you in the next life. You are crowned ruler of the empire.#
$			You are gravely injured by the monster, who is driven away by your sidekick. He makes a dramatic speech about not giving up. Do you 1) give up, or 2) press on?
$				You head to the nearest village to get medical treatment from the local elf healer. She glows, and you fall in love with her at first sight. Your sidekick defeats the villain and you live happily ever after with the elf.#
$				You bleed out on your way to the villain's lair. Heartbroken, your sidekick faces the villain, but is slain. The villain's reign continues as if nothing happened.#
$		You manage to convince the monster not to fight, gaining an ally. The monster informs you that the villain is lying in wait at the secret passage. You can 1) take the monster with you to face the villain, 2) kill the monster now that it's served its purpose and go face the villain, or 3) wait for the villain to come to you. 
$			The villain casts a spell upon the monster, forcing it to obey him. You and your sidekick are slain, and your efforts are forgotten by the world.#
$			After murdering the monster, you sneak up on the villain and stab him to death. He whispers, as he's dying, that you were a worthy opponent, and he hopes to see you in the next life. You are crowned ruler of the empire.#
$			While waiting, you feel the villain's telepathic presence in your head. He taunts you. Do you: 1) try to convince him not to fight or 2) scream really loudly in the mind so he can't read your thoughts?
$				All right fine pacifist, here, the villain listens to you, he sees the error of his ways, he adopts some puppies and creates a utopia, which accidentally becomes a terrifying dystopia. Everyone blames you for the horrible world the reformed villain created.#
$				The villain screams in agony. You scream louder. The villain falls dead, and the monster is crowned ruler of the land.#
$	You are rudely awakened from your slumber by a lackey. 
"That pesky hero is coming to destroy your empire, Your Eminence," he growls, bowing at your feet. 
You could: 1) order the bumbling fool to go kill the hero himself, 2) go after the hero yourself, or 3) ask him about the empire's state of affairs. 
$		The lackey is slain. You hear the hero's voice in your head: "Come face me yourself, you coward, and stop putting innocent lives at stake!"
Do you: 1) tell the hero to come here himself if he wants to see you so badly, 2) teleport to the hero's location, or 3) tell the hero that he is now just as bad as you are?
$			You watch the hero telepathically, and capture him as soon as he's in range. Now that you have him in your grasp, you: 1) kill him, or 2) seduce him.
$				You kill the hero, but his pesky sidekick avenges him. The sidekick goes down in history.#
$				You keep the hero for the rest of his life, and you eventually become lovers, just as you always so desired. The hero becomes the co-ruler of your empire.#
$			Seeing the hero in real life, you're not sure you can bring yourself to kill him. Do you: 1) attack, or 2) surrender, vowing that you'll change your ways.
$				!Steeling yourself, you prepare your spell. Roll a d20!
$					You kill the hero and his sidekick, whispering to the hero that you wish things could've been different.#
$					You don't feel the passion in your spell that you need. The hero kills you. As you die, you whisper that you hope you'll meet him in the next life.#
$				You surrender to the hero. He is shocked, but accepts your surrender. 
Your life after this point is up to your interpretation; there are too many possibilities.#
$			The hero insists that he's nowhere near as bad as you are, but suddenly your loyal monster busts through the window and kills you. You go down the Dumb Ways to Die history book.#
$		You teleport to the hero's location, watching him with his sidekick. The hero goes off by himself to think. Do you: 1) appear to him and seduce him to your side, or 2) attack him while he's distrated?
$			"I refuse to be swayed by your tricks!" the hero screams. He draws his sword and lunges at you. Do you: 1) fight back or 2) surrender?
$				!You dodge the hero's attack and prepare your spell. Roll a d20!
$					You kill the hero and his sidekick, whispering to the hero that you wish things could've been different.#
$					You don't feel the passion in your spell that you need. The hero kills you. As you die, you whisper that you hope you'll meet him in the next life.#
$				You surrender to the hero. He is shocked, but accepts your surrender. 
Your life after this point is up to your interpretation; there are too many possibilities.#
$			!You murmur under your breath, preparing the spell. Roll a d20!
$				You kill the hero, but his pesky sidekick avenges him. The sidekick goes down in history.#
$				You are slain by the hero. He is remembered forevermore as the one who saved the world from your evil hands. You plot his demise from beyond the grave.#
$		You tell your lackey to tell you what's actually important, because your empire doesn't revolve around some random farm boy. He tells you that the southern provinces are rebelling due to lack of food. Do you: 1) telepathically connect with the hero, because your thoughts do in fact revolve around some random farm boy, 2) go put down the rebellion by magically enslaving the south, or 3) create a portal from the rich northern lands to the south so that food can flow more freely?
$			You whisper in the hero’s head, telling him that killing you won’t get bread to the south, that if he comes to you willingly, you’ll create a portal from the north to the south. The hero has no choice but to accept. Now that you have the hero in your grasp, do you 1) kill him, or 2) seduce him?
$				You kill the hero. Now that he's finally out of your way, out of your thoughts, you can concentrate on being the ruler you have always wanted to be. Your empire lasts until your death.#
$				You keep the hero for the rest of his life, and you eventually become lovers, just as you always so desired. The hero becomes the co-ruler of your empire.#
$			!You enslave the entirety of the south. While they do stop rebelling, they starve to death. You tell the hero this telepathically. Enraged, he comes to kill you. Roll a d20!
$				You kill the hero, but his pesky sidekick avenges him. The sidekick goes down in history.#
$				You are slain by the hero. He is remembered forevermore as the one who saved the world from your evil hands. You plot his demise from beyond the grave.#
$			The hero reaches out to you telepathically, wondering if you really are as evil as you seemed to him back on the farm. You tell him that you are making the world a better place by ruling it. You and the hero end your relationship on decent terms. Go wherever your imagination leads you with your telepathic connection with him. The possibilities are endless.#
$	You wake up sleeping upon a pile of gold. You are a dragon. The world is at your claws. Do you: 1) kidnap a princess, 2) fly to the villain's lair to be the deus ex machina, or 3) heed the calls of your rider?
$		You soar through the skies and find the princess riding a horse through the woods. You can 1) talk to the princess telepathically and offer her a better ride or 2) snatch her up in your claws and take her back to your cave.
$			The princess asks for your help defeating the evil emperor. Do you 1) help her or 2) kidnap her anyway?
$				You allow the princess to climb upon your back, and the two of you together defeat the villain. She becomes ruler of the land, and gives you all the gold you ask for.#
$				You attempt to take the princess captive, but unfortunately she has magical powers, so she teleports away. You are disappointed. Oh well. You're still a dragon.#
$			You take the princess by surprise, and she faints. Once she wakes up in your cave, she tells you that she’s glad to be away from all the responsibility. The two of you become friends, and you are sad when she dies.#
$		You soar through the skies and circle the villain’s lair. His guards attempt to fire flaming arrows at you, but your scales are impervious to such things. Do you: 1) smash through the ceiling, 2) communicate with the hero telepathically in order to best help him, or 3) join the villain?
$			!You come face to face with the villain, black glass and stone crumbling all around you. Roll a d20 for your attack!
$				You incinerate the villain before the hero even gives there. He declares you the true hero, and you are revered across the lands.#
$				You are gravely injured by the villain. However, the hero and his sidekick burst in at the last moment and kill the villain. You are saved by the elf healer from a nearby village and honored for your valliant fight.#
$			You ask the hero how your firepower might be most useful. He asks for your back to ride into battle against the villain. Together, you defeat the villain, and you both go down in history as the saviors of the land.#
$			!On your back, with the help of your fire, the villain faces the hero. Roll a d20 for your attack!
$				You destroy the hero, and in return the villain allows you dominion over whatever lands you choose. You are the most feared being in the world.#
$				The villain falls off your back, and the hero stabs him with his sword. You incinerate them both and soar away, free of these humans and their foolish games.#
$		 At long last, you heed the calls of your rider. The elf healer cries out to you from the village near the villain’s castle. She asks you if you will help her save the life of the hero. Do you 1) accept or 2) decline?
$			She climbs on your back, and two become one. You defeat the villain in a heartbeat. You go down in history as the greatest dragon rider pair of all time.#
$			You tell her that others deserve the glory this time, that the hero needs to find his own way. He returns, having defeated the villain, and your rider heals him. Your ultimate power is saved for another day.#